content/privacy-policy.md, before:

---
title: Privacy Policy
showDate: false
showRelatedContent: false
showAuthor: false
showReadingTime: false
showWordCount: false
noComment: true
showPagination: false
---

StandingPad.org measures page traffic with [GoatCounter](https://goatcounter.com), which is [open source](https://github.com/arp242/goatcounter) under a modified version the [European Union Public License](https://github.com/arp242/goatcounter/blob/master/LICENSE). [GoatCounter's privacy policy](https://www.goatcounter.com/help/privacy) goes in depth, but here's the gist.

Every unique visitor is considered the same individual for 8 hours. Afterwards, GoatCounter will consider an individual to be a different person. Cookies are not used for analytics, only IP addresses (which are hashed when stored to reduce traceability), and all information is anonymized and can not be traced back to an individual for GDPR complience (see [here](https://goatcounter.com/help/gdpr) for more details).

The following information is collected and retained:
- Visited Page
- `Referrer` header
- Browser User-Agent and OS 
- Screen size
- Country (derived from IP only), but not Region

We also respect the `Do-Not-Track` header, should you choose to enable it, and blockers such as [Ublock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock).

Commit message:

Added Umami as an experiment

content/privacy-policy.md, after:

---
title: Privacy Policy
showDate: false
showRelatedContent: false
showAuthor: false
showReadingTime: false
showWordCount: false
noComment: true
showPagination: false
---

# Analytics
StandingPad.org measures page traffic with [GoatCounter](https://goatcounter.com), which is [open source](https://github.com/arp242/goatcounter) under a modified version the [European Union Public License](https://github.com/arp242/goatcounter/blob/master/LICENSE). [GoatCounter's privacy policy](https://www.goatcounter.com/help/privacy) goes in depth, but here's the gist.

Every unique visitor is considered the same individual for 8 hours. Afterwards, GoatCounter will consider an individual to be a different person. Cookies are not used for analytics, only IP addresses (which are hashed when stored to reduce traceability), and all information is anonymized and can not be traced back to an individual for GDPR complience (see [here](https://goatcounter.com/help/gdpr) for more details).

The following information is collected and retained:
- Visited Page
- `Referrer` header
- Browser User-Agent and OS 
- Screen size
- Country (derived from IP only), but not Region


As an experiment, we also measure page traffic with [Umami](https://umami.is), which is [open source](https://github.com/umami-software/umami) under the MIT license. 
- None of the information collected can be used to personally identify you 
- No information is shared with 3rd parties 
- All data is collected from the browser
As an experiment, we measures page traffic with [Umami](https://umami.is), which is [open source](https://github.com/umami-software/umami) under the MIT license. 

We also respect the `Do-Not-Track` header, should you choose to enable it, and blockers such as [Ublock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock).
